Project Scope

The project is going to have two ways of use. The first one is when you enter the page without authenticating. 

It will have:

Frontend Features:

Room/Course Visbility: Ability to view details of rooms/courses.

Backend Features:
Database Interaction: Use an ORM for database interaction to manage data related to rooms and students.


The second one, will be the same but with buttons for creating new records. 

Frontend Features:

Room/Course Management: Ability to create and view details of rooms/courses.
Student Management: Add students to the system with details like age, gender, room assignment, and sibling information.
Admin Section: Create, edit, and view rooms and students. Implement user authentication for administrative tasks.

Backend Features:

API Endpoints: Create endpoints for handling CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations for rooms and students.
Database Interaction: Use an ORM for database interaction to manage data related to rooms and students.

Design Data Models

Room Model:
ID: Unique identifier for the room.
Name: Name or title of the room/course.
Capacity: Current number of students and maximum number of students.
Instructor: Current instructor.

Student Model:

ID: Unique identifier for the student.
Name: Full name of the student.
Age: Age of the student.
Gender: Gender of the student.
Address: Full Address of the student.
RoomID: Reference to the Room they are assigned to.
SiblingIDs: References to any siblings in the system (if applicable).

User Interface

In the first set of screens we will have:

Key Pages and Elements:
Rooms Landing Page: Show a list of rooms/courses and their capacity. Implement a search feature by name. Implement a sort by name.
Room Details Page: Display details of a selected room and list of enrolled students.
Students Landing Page: Show a list of all the students in the school, their age and the rooms they are in. Implement a search feature by name or room. Implement a sort by name or room.
Student Details Page: Show personal information of a student, along with a list of their siblings in the school.

Admin Log In Page: A log in page for authentication.

Then if you actually authenticate with the log in, you will see the same as before:
Rooms Landing Page with Room Details Page and Students Landing Page with Student Details Page, but the rooms landing page and students landing page will have a add room or add student button to create new records and the Students Details Pages and Rooms Details Pages will have an edit button to edit records. 


Navigation
Navbar: For easy navigation between different sections like Home, Rooms, Students, at the right, and Admin (to go to the log in) in the left. 

Responsive Design:

Plan for the application to be usable on both desktop and mobile devices.
